Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jaime C: My walls are still empty and my new bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't sure if that was like an empty hotel room or something or what
Jaime C: Oh no, see, there's my bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got you.
So I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up a note here. I apologize for my tardiness I should just make it 10 after and I just forget I just forget I forget because that group makes me late
Jaime C: Okay. I mean, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the one that's late because I want to address issues, you know,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a note open here, just take some time, as I'm doing this kind of busying administrative part to just think about kind of what you want out of today and see if we can help you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that whether it's an emotion or maybe relief. Or maybe there's specific work on a topic that you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can focus there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just notice if you need to use the restroom, if you need something to drink can take care of that now. Good timing.
Jaime C: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you had that extra time to
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I've got a note open here and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Smiling. All right, so what's kind of React right now. What's it like to be you.
Jaime C: Um, everything seems really good
Jaime C: Really good right now I'm
Jaime C: Really the only thing that I am a little stressed out about his work.
Jaime C: I just opened an email this morning when I woke up at the general managers will be taking a 20% salary cut
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of knew this was coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but seeing it can be quite a shocker. Huh.
Jaime C: Yeah, I was really hoping wasn't going to happen, but
Jaime C: But
Jaime C: They're saying it's only till June. So that's only three paychecks.
Jaime C: So I think, I mean, I still be okay.
Jaime C: Just stressful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to impact your life do you think that 20% cut
Jaime C: Um,
Jaime C: Well i mean i i did a I rewrote a budget last week when they told us it could possibly be happening.
Jaime C: And it's just me all my bills and everything are still going to be paid just fine, just going to type not going to have extra money to do anything.
Jaime C: So just going to be very tight.
Jaime C: But it'll it's totally doable.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's yours. Your son know you're going through this
No.
Jaime C: No.
Jaime C: No, he seems to
Jaime C: I don't know i. He seems like he stresses way too much on my life and things that I do. So I just
Jaime C: rather not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, things are going pretty well for him.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It seemed like is he able to still keep
Gwenevere Abriel: His job and what he was doing, or is that changed.
Jaime C: Yeah, he's still doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what kind of work is he doing eating, eating get for loader.
Jaime C: And he well he's working in the in the shop.
Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: A car shop.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go.
Jaime C: And I guess his, his girlfriend has been working too. So I think that kind of
Jaime C: Is helping him.
Jaime C: Want to work, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: She said,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your heart is your heart doing as far as the loneliness of that breakup.
Jaime C: It still bothers me.
Jaime C: And I guess it bothers me more than I thought. Because now I feel emotional about it right now. As soon as you asked.
Jaime C: But I have been making it a point to
Jaime C: You know, talk to my family more every day and
Jaime C: And trying to reach out to just kind of friends that I know around here. I'm trying to keep myself busy.
Jaime C: It doesn't know. Like, I've had, I've had heartbreak in my life before but
Jaime C: This is the first time that it has gotten worse the longer it goes on.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you remember some of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Things you talked about last time that were kind of unique about this particular breakup to
To remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to jump in here on the note.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I would have thought about that before confronting him clients sort of realize as possible causes and concurrency. I have a lot of regret lets you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel like he hates me. I feel he thinks he's doing me a favor wants me to be with someone who can be there every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, different. It's a different kind of break up.
Gwenevere Abriel: He does not like it when I feel bad when I talk to him about it. He shuts down
Gwenevere Abriel: Invited contemplation on needs and changing physical presence would be nice but I was happy with our relationship did not feel like I was missing out on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that didn't feel I was missing out on anything. And I'm not with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He thinks I needed with someone else. I wasn't missing out on anything he thinks I need to be with someone else. This is getting worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you thinking about those parts.
Jaime C: I guess.
Jaime C: I don't know what I'm thinking. I feel like I'm going 100 miles an hour. And I thought, so much about it, that it just
Jaime C: None of it even makes any sense anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if there's something unsaid to him. I'm wondering if you had it to do over again and you heard that he had talked to his daughter. What would you say to him.
Jaime C: I mean, it would definitely wouldn't have gone that way, the way that
Jaime C: It would have, I would have been 100% fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would have been 100% fine.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, there you go. That's why you're so miserable. You are you blaming yourself.
Jaime C: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: But 100% fine is the outcome. And what I've asked you is if I'm him. What would you said
Jaime C: If he would have told me I was talking to my daughter, because I only have so much time, I would have just said, Okay, well I'm glad to hear from you and I'm glad you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That isn't how you seal.
Jaime C: I will that at the time that it happened that was my issue was that I was worried sick about him my keys in the middle of Mexico hunting. These guys I was worried
Jaime C: And so when I jump on the other app and see that he is online. I'd like my mind just
Jaime C: went straight to negative straight to negative something he's doing something wrong to me.
Jaime C: If my emotions.
Jaime C: went through the roof. Okay.
Jaime C: So notice it wasn't hearing anything that he was telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people will act down to no show how they feel, by having this other person feel the distress that we're feeling that way. They have empathy and they can relate to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you shared with him. You know how you said, My emotions were going through the roof.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you actually think that it's okay to say that
Gwenevere Abriel: My emotions are going through the roof. I was thinking, this and this and this and these 10 different things.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed you didn't say that. You said, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: glad you're okay, right. But when I dug a little deeper, you are going through a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And had to do over, you would just have done what with your emotions going through the roof, they still would have been there, you get that
Jaime C: I do, I do get that I just
Jaime C: I felt at the time I felt like
Jaime C: I was worried to death about him and he had the I. The way I saw it was he had the ability to take that from me to help me not worry anymore and
Jaime C: And he chose not to. That's how I thought at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I he could have helped me and he didn't
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what meaning to make out of that he sitting with that don't explain it away. Just the meaning about what that says about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did something with it.
Jaime C: I just go wrong all the way around, like everything I just
Jaime C: He doesn't deserve to have somebody to take their emotions out on him all the time. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why we bother to be in relationships with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so we can share and have a witness to our journey. That's not taking your emotions out on him. It's inviting him on the journey with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a burden to hear what you're going through. It's a privilege.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine that this relationship. I don't know what it is but
Gwenevere Abriel: If both of you have a misunderstanding. What if both if you have a misunderstanding. But if you're not together because of a misunderstanding.
Jaime C: That would be ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder why it keeps getting worse a longer and longer year away.
Jaime C: Right, like there's so much like it just shouldn't be this way. It shouldn't
Jaime C: Every other breakup. I've had my life or, you know, heartache. I've been through, like, it makes sense. I get it. And it just it
Jaime C: Like there's ending to it.
Jaime C: This one just doesn't make sense. It doesn't feel right. It doesn't make sense at all. I can't I just
Jaime C: Don't get
Jaime C: I don't get how we go from
Jaime C: Five years of being in each other's lives to just, bam, nothing.
Jaime C: Over what
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell. Jamie if it's that each of you has a shirt. He has when you should be with someone that you have close contact with
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's making up that story and you're making up story. You should be with a woman that doesn't take their emotions out on you. And he's like, you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You're both maybe sitting here. That's what I mean by what's the meaning that you're making out of these things that might be what a misunderstanding is or it could be any number of other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe right. I don't know the guy seeing someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he, is he really trying to protect you in some way. And this is what protection looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you have is your truth. And I don't know that you've even told him fully
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been privileged to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a lot of good that does
Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we stop saying, I don't want to hurt your feelings I I shouldn't be it, you just stick with the part you do know you stick with your truth which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I was so worried
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: I spent hours and hours and hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the shock of seeing that you've been communicating with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is the part I want you to tell me what did it mean to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I saw them. What did you say about you when you saw that
Jaime C: I was just
Jaime C: An insecure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a judgment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not it either. You're almost there.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you saw that he was communicating on that app to his daughter, and you had to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the I Am. That's the belief about the self. That's what I'm trying to get out. Is the meaning I'm what
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit there a little longer, I think, I think it's their
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. You can you can go to the solution. I'm just, you can judge yourself with insecure.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does an insecure person believe about themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that moment.
Jaime C: I'm not good enough. And I'm not
Jaime C: Important
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not important.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to choose on who to take care of who to help
Gwenevere Abriel: And you picked someone else doesn't matter whether it's right or wrong, his daughter, you and I, we already. I already know you get all that second level stuff. But this is a, I think a trauma event just got
Gwenevere Abriel: Button got pushed on that one. I'm not important. It's too intense you're worried about someone safety you're worried about someone else's life like are they helping your care UK so much going into that fret during that day and then to see this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think an old an old register of that that experience of having to care about someone else and they're not meeting that basic need of Karen about you. I think it just got pushed
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and so the reaction was, what you said emotions through the roof. Just this mixture of maybe sadness and fear and anger and like sad and maybe even jealousy or whatever. I mean just complicated stuff coming out yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your recipe between you two is not a direct line of communication, being able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: That which is the confusion describing, to the best of your human ability to very difficult thing to explain to someone emotional confusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they thought that you're both having an in the moment reaction to what's happening and registering some awareness that the dial is up higher because of your family of origin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to do for really bright people really people that are psychologically minded, we can't do it because we're hijacked by the emotion because emotions are through the roof, which you've had time
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, time has passed, and you're not together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not, why not telling me why couldn't we just
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you learn
Gwenevere Abriel: To share with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: After reflection, which you think was going on.
Jaime C: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you detach from outcome if you said, I just want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Share with him my confusion and the emotions that were all over instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to solution which is we can't be together. If you're going to be like this and you're going a bit of a bit of everybody but everywhere, right, you go to solution because you're, you're a problem solver and it's an amazing skill you have
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was, it means you don't sit very long with. Notice how how hard I've kind of like, well, what does it say about you. What does anybody. It's taken us a bit right to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's really uncomfortable. It's a lot easier to just go, well, if we just have already a solution in place. I don't have to feel this. I've already got some in place. So just dealt with this lovely villa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you kind of do that with him to, well, what would I do differently. Well, everything would have been just fine. Well, but you still would have been met with all of this shock.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of us don't know what to do right in the moment. That's what shock is we're not expecting it. We're shocked.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this more skilled you're catching it right right in your body in the chest and the gut and finding it. Oh my gosh, it's happening. I got to take a minute. Let's talk later or I or you take
Gwenevere Abriel: It. I'm just taking a breath. This is getting some really shocking information kind of work through this right now. You know, we don't really talk like that we're used to being very bright very smart with a quick response.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start over. Now that we did all of that. Notice we did all this work. Now, let me go back to my original question.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm Greg.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you do differently ever so slightly.
Jaime C: Made me feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we don't we don't do it because we're trying to manipulate someone we're trying to persuade them to move, what their, their experiences. His, His experience. And we might be missing big chunks of information we do it because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's feels good to be authentic, it feels good. Like, I met that moment with integrity and I didn't act out. I, I just, I love this with clarity. I was clear to the best of my human ability. I said it like it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and if that's the piece that's missing. If you can detach from outcome, meaning. Maybe he'll just say, Okay, thanks for sharing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But at least you were clear because guess what he can't make a choice. Kenny when it's based on faulty information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, he might see you as angry jealous. I don't know how we would see it, but he's basing his on on that, on that behavior and then each of you are doing. He
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that's not a relate shin ship that's not a relating that's two pieces of misinformation making solutions and decisions on Miss information. And I'm wondering if that's why this continues to sit there
Gwenevere Abriel: As. Why are we apart. Why we apart, where we don't get it. I don't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you think enough
Jaime C: I mean, it just makes sense. A it all.
Jaime C: Makes sense why it would still be sitting with it. It just feels like there's so many loose ends to it and so much regret that.
Jaime C: I don't know how to let that go.
Jaime C: I don't want to feel this way anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: What harm on it if you told them what you're really going through Z worst case, let's do the play at plan all the way through scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get all the way through it. Worst case he hears it, worst case, he says, what
Jaime C: The worst case is that he would totally not even say a word and I feel rejected. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he'd be silent, and I would feel rejected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what let's play it all the way out. Most people stop right there. It's catastrophic and then stop speaking here, but go all the way forward, then I'm rejected, then one
Jaime C: And then I got to sit with that rejection for however long I don't know.
Jaime C: Shortly after this happened. I did reach out to him and asked him if we could just talk about it and he read the message and never responded so I'm scared to death of that rejection
Jaime C: I don't want to tell somebody how I feel. And it not matter to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a belief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there it is not mattering you're looking
Gwenevere Abriel: At the face you're looking at words or the absence meaning no response.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said your truth and it looks like what you're going through. Doesn't matter to the person
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what
Jaime C: Is it just have to wait for it to be over to vilify anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let time he'll wait you let time
Gwenevere Abriel: Let time pass me
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what
Jaime C: I don't know. It's hard to think past that it's hard because it's been such an ache and my chest bird is three months now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is difficult, but that's what this this particular technique does is it pushes hard at the imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, time has passed months have passed and you have had to sit with this sense of my truth doesn't matter, based on what I see, or the absence
Gwenevere Abriel: Of any response. My interpretation have to sit with this meaning my interpretation of someone's behavior as I don't matter what I'm going through doesn't matter. I'm sitting with it. So anyway, then again and again and it passes and what happens after six months have passed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you guess that's what this whole thing is we're guessing. So then what so time has passed. It's seven months now and then what happens next.
Jaime C: Hopefully I would be over by then.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will take its place that ache in the chest. What will take its place.
Jaime C: No idea.
Jaime C: What we take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ache in the chest. Is this the same ache.
Gwenevere Abriel: since you were a little girl, and no one understanding and not understanding, no one really
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing Right Mom not seeing it that ache that it matters as if somehow you're the crazy person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're going through doesn't matter.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: I'm not sure why would even go away and six and seven.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta get out that original eight
Gwenevere Abriel: What nothing about a Greg a me a girlfriend, a friend, a man is going to get affiliate going to fix it. Gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Address that core ache.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to say something else. If we move if we keep doing this technique, all the way through that we digress for a moment. Let's come back to this technique which is playing it.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep going. I know it's uncomfortable and it's unchartered feels like I'm not giving this woman, the right answer, but you are
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're doing it perfectly. So now it's seven months and it's eight months.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what
Jaime C: hopefully by then I could just move on. Maybe start dating.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does this say about
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Jaime C: What does that say about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've moved on. So I've moved on. I'm dating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can find the I Am the belief about the self projecting eight 910 months forward.
Jaime C: Don't know. It's hard to, it's hard to
Jaime C: It's hard to go through it all the way, because I don't want to. I don't want to date. I don't have it. I just don't good with where I'm out. But hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, I'm good with that. What is that I am what
Jaime C: I am
Jaime C: Okay, being single.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm just okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with that I'm okay. Right. I'm not too, too. Sneaky, but that's definitely a direction I was fine. That's the destination. You're right there. You just got to it. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right catastrophic catastrophic awful, awful, awful and we stop right there instead of pushing all the way through, because
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Shown by people's faces. Their inaction that what you are going through is not important. That's what has happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: single mom, and yeah, kicking ass at work and 20% drop and you're still going to show up to work and you're going to kick ass and you started today saying things are pretty good. My son's very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you have ever imagined playing out what you did in your life. Did you ever think you could play that out like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, and you're okay, you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some days are better than others. Some days are hard so hard.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: whichever direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Decide to tell your truth that will be a different version of okay
Gwenevere Abriel: You already faced
Gwenevere Abriel: The responsive. I'm not important. You've already lived it. You fixed it, you lived there for years as a little girl and as an adult. Your mother hasn't changed much from that position.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have of all the people all the skills necessary to handle someone's reaction or the lack of reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you could do it conscious this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is different.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you went unconscious, meaning you are emotionally hijacked during that call because you were in shock.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you rather this relationship ended with false data misunderstandings, or that it ended.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or he knew exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth. And then he could make a decision. At least his response could be based on accurate information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Life's not dumb down to just two choices. But those are the ones that I'm kind of bringing up right now.
Jaime C: I don't know, I just feel
Jaime C: I almost feel like if I would have been honest with him about how I truly felt and it still ended, I would have hated that. I hated that.
Jaime C: I want to hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the truth about me was rejected. Like, even worse, like that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that makes sense. At least this way. There's room that there was just this misunderstanding and and maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: We would happily ever after it.
Gwenevere Abriel: sounds logical
Gwenevere Abriel: It might also keep you from falling in love again know
Gwenevere Abriel: I worry
Jaime C: No, sorry, I can see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I notice how part of your, your, I'm okay process was in the ammo can, you know, buddy.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard that in there that concerned me
Jaime C: Was definitely not a good. I want to feel again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple of things on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Some reprocessing of that so it can live more in the past might be convenient. But this one, maybe a combination of living all of those aches all at once, in real time, and a new fresh one and a catastrophic feeling that it has a life threatening feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: But even if we do all of that work. I'm still going to say to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tough shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I going to say, don't fall in love. What am I going to say the richness of
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in love with your son, it'll show up there, it'll still be it, we can't bypass or our need to love and be loved and you you're born with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What conformity meeting a marriage looks like, No, I don't mean that I just mean love what in its many forms, it means there's going to be a horrible ache.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same way, losing your animal was like this, who wants this. This is awful. It was awful.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But none of that even in the sort of fantasy that projection that we were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm guessing, because this one isn't done. There's no closure to it. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: So when there's this one. How I something else, opening up
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be okay. Even if you tell the real truth and he still doesn't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then, you know, it's done.
Jaime C: Scary here to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: What about using other assumptions and conclusions. What about that as an idea that
Gwenevere Abriel: This conclusion that you've come up with the one where he rejects you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know why that conclusion over the one where he can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get past the fact that he's made up his mind about what you need and he's not yet I could really be that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's made up a story about what you need. And he knows he can't give it to you. And he's saying goodbye made this like an excuse, but it's just a convenient one for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the 100 million others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice automatic. One is the year not good enough. You're the rejected party.
Jaime C: I mean that that is how that's how I feel when I put that emotion away and just think about it logically and just knowing him.
Jaime C: I do think that I do think that he thinks that, you know, with his job and everything. He can't give me the kind of relationship that he thinks I deserve and therefore, he's done.
Jaime C: Logically 100%. That sounds like him.
Jaime C: Is we would have that conversation, specifically
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is your comfort zone, your normal
Gwenevere Abriel: It is what is familiar to you to want that exact person that is unavailable to you. It is just the paradox of the way your childhood has shaped what you want and expect from a romantic relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want the thing
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can have unavailable to not because of a flying you there was never any flaw in you. There's nothing wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's so familiar to be wanting to be leaning towards and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it be unavailable.
Jaime C: Just trying to keep myself busy and occupied. It was kind of hoping things will that
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about some ways that you're important to tell me
Jaime C: I run a multimillion dollar business every day.
Jaime C: I have about 30 people on my staff that rely on me every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Else.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other areas, besides your work for how important
Jaime C: My son, my son, definitely reliance me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: For what
Jaime C: For his
Jaime C: His emotional stability, he relies on every day.
Jaime C: In financially and all that other stuff, but
Jaime C: Emotionally that kid definitely is at a place where he's relying on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Son
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was what you want what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: Important
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you recognize that piece that's missing. Would you recognize it in your son, if he wasn't attend to it.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: ourselves a lot easier to see it already, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if you are watching him. You'd be like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What would he be doing
Jaime C: Just terrible internal dialogue. I'm sorry, I noticed
Jaime C: Like is is still talk is just terrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because negative self talk. What does the end up doing or not doing
Jaime C: Overly
Jaime C: Emotional. Emotional about certain situations, just like silly things and it's like
Jaime C: They don't got, like, he'll be fighting with his girlfriend or something and then he just goes off about how terrible person he is, and he doesn't deserve to live and
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: It goes from zero to 100 is so talk
Jaime C: Negative way.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, what's that
Gwenevere Abriel: What I was doing earlier. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: No good.
Gwenevere Abriel: He goes there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Early
Gwenevere Abriel: checking in on yours to see where years went right and you went to sort of this. I'm not important.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it in your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if it's similar to emotions to
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that if you don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your importance if you don't really truly believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then emotion can be that register that something's really off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it in your son, it's harder to to know it in itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: kind, compassionate self soothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Understand understanding of you. Where does that show up.
Jaime C: I don't feel like I really worry about myself very much
Jaime C: When it comes to the bad parts.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, that's really familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, not worrying about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what Greg did right he didn't worry about doesn't care and that all comes back.
Gwenevere Abriel: To making sure that you know deep down inside that you're important
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're experiencing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is equal to what I'm experiencing equal to his and hers. It is not an exchange.
Gwenevere Abriel: They happen at the same time. If somebody gets the attention the spotlight gets to be on them for a second, but it doesn't diminish your important men, the spotlight gets onto you and you're giving it away to someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're experiencing is important, even if no one else thinks
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really, really find out if you have positive self talk
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see it happening in your son. And boy, I bet you wish. Boy, where she thought better himself.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look what he does, we hurt himself. Oh, he almost like suicide. Oh, that's so scary. Oh dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. And you can see it in our children and we can worry. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, when I asked you to do the same thing, right. Do it. You go in and see how you're doing in there and you're like, well good at this. I'm good at this and I'm good over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that containing that that holding space and compassion for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That call might have gone down differently because she would have known deep inside what I'm frickin going through is really important. Right now I'm in shock.
Gwenevere Abriel: I completely
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this through the roof.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might have asked different questions you might have asked questions at all. I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would hold on to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not went to a solution which is right, maybe an ultimatum or something, I don't know how the conversation went
Gwenevere Abriel: These things these quarterly saucy. I'm not important.
Gwenevere Abriel: They creep up in the oddest of places know expecting them to be there. They just like how could this still be operating. I'm so mature. I'm so responsible. You are all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you do them for others. She gave it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe get some fun if you want to. For homework about if you did know deep down inside that you were important truly meeting all of whatever you were gone through in the moment. Wonder how that conversation might have gone
Jaime C: A whole lot different.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we already know you're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Like that one out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also my mean
Gwenevere Abriel: More than okay right you got to read the story. One of those sort of pivotal childhood moments where have a choice I either stay in my truth or divert to someone else's needs again this might have been maybe a healing moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jamie
Gwenevere Abriel: Did a lot of talking today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I talked a lot at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe kind of what you're noticing about today as we bring this session to a close.
Jaime C: I feel like I just have to figure out
Jaime C: How to be better to myself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be a great big, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: All your favorite stuff. It can be nice and slow. Like, no thank you. I, I really prefer to go to a different restaurant when there's a choice with someone, or no, I prefer this it can be nice and easy can be just slow, but they can nourish the soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking your truth I would prefer this. It's not a bit selfish. It's and I prefer. It's a little
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll get back to you in 15 minutes or right. It's that it's protecting that space, you had set a schedule. Stick with it. It's all it comes up like that like a little ways where you are, what you need, what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you hold on to it and you don't give it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reinforces that mean what's important to
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be a big grand gesture, they can be a little
Gwenevere Abriel: But they added to a lifetime of sending a message to yourself to your son. You matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what he can model it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you could say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been working on it. Have you seen me sign DC it. I've been doing it here and there and there will be. Yeah, you were. I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you might say, you can do that to
Gwenevere Abriel: Love doesn't mean 100% sacrifice. It means a little bit of it's this ebb and flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to schedule a meeting or for follow up.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing this five weekly thing.
Jaime C: Yeah yeah
Jaime C: So when I sat down and figured out my budget. I'm not sure. I mean, well, I have no idea what's okay with you guys. But if I do
Jaime C: So if I in four week period. If I do a one on one with you and a group
Jaime C: And pay for my meds. That's $315 a month still
Jaime C: But that's doable for me. Would we be able to get away with doing that for just the month.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do see a little something here. I think some someone in California, the scales trying to hold a meeting on May 11 from 1030 to 1130
I don't know.
About that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to just put I got to think about whether that really is a meeting, I need to attend. But I'm going to put your name in here for May 11 to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how about a text to and we confirm that appointment. If not, we've got a little bit of time to
Figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there are they cutting back ours as well, or just everything for your, your workload stays the same but OK, fun, fun, fun hobby times
Jaime C: Work stays the same page of
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Jaime C: And then, and then also I do need men today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for that are going over there in a message.
Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so just break it down for me. Your next service is your next group is when
Jaime C: It would be two weeks. Right.
Jaime C: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the next service would be with me. Is that what you're saying.
Jaime C: Yeah.
So we'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually would just to be sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: May 12 which is group, just in case.
Gwenevere Abriel: That way if something happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got that little buffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm going to be trying to work. Something else that week, but at least it's covered through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so what to chew on there.
Jaime C: And then she didn't put me down to an eight and one 16th still
Gwenevere Abriel: Eat one 16th note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Structure strip
Yeah.
Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Jaime C: Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to and keep me posted. How you doing,
Jaime C: Great, thank you.
Jaime C: All right. Bye bye.